Research Fellow position (up to AU$102,743 per annum package including superannuation) for 1.5 years at University of Melbourne, working on AI and virtual assistance (chatbot). Close date 7 Oct 2018. If you are interested, please first carefully read the position description and then email a CV to Prof Rui Zhang (http://www.ruizhang.info/) and also apply online following the the position description: http://jobs.unimelb.edu.au/caw/en/job/897352/research-fellow-ai-and-big-data-analytics

School of Computing and Information Systems 
Melbourne School of Engineering

Salary: $69,148 - $93,830 p.a. plus 9.5% superannuation

About University of Melbourne
The University of Melbourne is consistently ranked among the leading universities in the world, at number 1 in Australia and number 32 in the world (Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2017-2018). We are globally engaged, comprehensive, research-intensive and committed to respond to the major social, economic and environmental challenges of our time.

About the School of Computing and Information Systems (CIS)
CIS are international research leaders and are focused on delivering impact in three key areas: data and knowledge, platforms and systems, and people and organisations. In this discipline, the School was ranked number 1 in Australia and 14th in the world in the 2018 QS World University Ranking exercise.

The Opportunity
We are currently working on an Australian research council funded project for ¡°Continuous intent tracking for virtual assistance using big contextual data¡±. There are plenty of opportunities for PhD student supervision and teaching subjects.

What you¡¯ll need:

- A PhD in Computer Science or closely related discipline (close to PhD graduation may be considered)
- A record of quality research as evidenced by a good number of publications in leading venues such as SIGKDD, NIPS, ICML, WWW, IJCAI, ACL, SIGMOD, AAAI, VLDB, ICDE, WSDM, ICDM, etc.
- Excellent teamwork skills; Excellent interpersonal skills, including an ability to interact with internal and external stakeholders (academic, administrative and support staff) in a courteous and effective manner.

How to Apply

Apply online, complete the application form and upload your Cover Letter and Resume.

With your application, we ask that you please address the selection criteria for ¡®essential¡¯ section only. Please try to keep your responses short and succinct.

While we take a look at your application, get to know us more and find out what it¡¯s like working at MSE by visiting http://www.eng.unimelb.edu.au/about/join-mse/why-join-mse

The University of Melbourne and MSE is strongly committed to supporting diversity and flexibility in the workplace. Applications for part-time or other flexible working arrangements will be welcomed and will be fully considered subject to meeting the inherent requirements of the position.

Close date: 7 Oct 2018

Position Description and Selection Criteria

https://secure.dc2.pageuppeople.com/apply/TransferRichTextFile.ashx?sData=UFUtVjMtjSKFhCe8t9kAI7qzg5vpU9Kx7ILa0s24Th3vUxLrL81UVsEBB_Mu8GmmzOx9TTRVQVWnOxlvjjvXhtoOaq4fXQssNYZgeUz0YGXQsHntUfk-nsXwospLjLGbZrMraICN1v_-nbGHfeqgdwa3WmWBhg%7e%7e

For information to assist you with compiling short statements to answer the selection criteria, please go to: https://about.unimelb.edu.au/careers/selection-criteria