Do you love research and teaching? Do you want to work in a dynamic, 
team-oriented and progressive environment? Then you should join us 
at York University's Lassonde School of Engineering in Toronto, Canada. 
Our Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department encourages 
you to apply for a tenure-stream position in Software Engineering. You 
have proven strong research capability in one or more areas such as:

- Cyber-physical systems;
- DevOps and release engineering;
- Empirical software engineering;
- High integrity software systems and industrial strength formal methods;
- Human aspects of software engineering;
- Model-driven software engineering;
- Program analysis;
- Software engineering for the Internet of Things;
- Software engineering of secure systems;
- Software engineering requirements;
- Software validation and verification;

We will also consider exceptional applicants in other areas of Software 
Engineering. The rank is at the level of Assistant Professor and you 
must have a PhD in Software Engineering or closely related field. 
Starting date is July 1, 2019.

You will receive start-up funding, and a reduced teaching load in the 
first year. We are a creative and forward-thinking school, building a 
diverse faculty who can mentor our diverse student body. We support 
our new faculty in innovative ways. As a new faculty member, you will: 

- demonstrate excellence, or promise of excellence, in teaching and 
  scholarly research;
- teach at the undergraduate and graduate levels of our Software 
  Engineering program;
- engage in curricular scholarship and innovation;
- develop a unique, externally funded research program;
- supervise graduate students;
- be eligible to join our Faculty of Graduate Studies;
- participate in new or existing partnerships with industry and/or other 
  public institutions;
- demonstrate leadership or potential for leadership, and;
- be licensed or successfully seek licensure as a Professional Engineer 
  soon after joining us.

Established in 2012, the Lassonde School of Engineering, York University 
offers a broad range of undergraduate and graduate programs in engineering, 
computer science and earth and atmospheric science. We have created a 
culture where tomorrow’s professionals are becoming Renaissance Engineers™ 
– multidisciplinary problem solvers, critical thinkers, leaders and 
entrepreneurs who understand creativity, communications, social 
responsibility, and cultural diversity.  We seek committed faculty who 
can contribute to our innovative approaches to incorporating research 
in the curriculum, experiential education, technology enhanced learning 
and other pedagogical innovations. Further information is available 
at http://lassonde.yorku.ca/ 

The Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at York 
University is one of the leading academic and research departments in 
Canada with more than 55 research-active faculty members, offering a 
range of undergraduate programs in Computer Science, Digital Media, 
Computer Security, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, 
and Software Engineering, as well as research intensive MSc, MASc and 
PhD degrees. 

For further information about the Department of Electrical Engineering 
and Computer Science please visit http://eecs.lassonde.yorku.ca.

You should complete the online application process at 
http://lassonde.yorku.ca/new-faculty. Include a cover letter, a detailed 
curriculum vitae, statement of contribution to research, teaching, and 
curriculum development, three sample research publications, as well as 
the names and contact information for three references. The deadline 
for applications is November 30, 2018.

All York University positions are subject to budgetary approval. York 
University is an Affirmative Action (AA) employer and strongly values 
diversity, including gender and sexual diversity, within its community. 
The AA Program, which applies to Aboriginal people, visible minorities, 
people with disabilities, and women, can be found at www.yorku.ca/acadjobs 
or by calling the AA line at 416-736-5713. Applicants wishing to 
self-identify can do so by downloading, completing and submitting the 
forms found at: http://acadjobs.info.yorku.ca/.  Please select the 
Affirmative Action tab under which forms pertaining to Citizenship and 
AA can be found. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; 
however, Canadian citizens, permanent residents and Indigenous peoples 
in Canada will be given priority.