Call for Paper

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Session

WELL-BEING FOR FRAGILE PEOPLE (WHELP 2018)

at GOODTECHS 2018 - 4th EAI International Conference on Smart Objects
and Technologies for Social Good

November 28-30, 2018   -  Bologna, Italy

http://goodtechs.eu/well-fragile-people-methods-instruments-increasing-preserving-measuring-frail-people-well-whelp-2018/

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scope
The relationship between people affected by any type of difficulty,
both physical and cognitive, and their families or institutional caregivers
is a topic of great importance in the sphere of autonomous and 
independent living.
The request of services to support autonomy is pressing today more than 
ever
and it will increase with the constant change in the structure of the 
population.
The quality of life in the community where the person lives is a 
fundamental
requirement: safety, happiness, affection are just three of the points that
characterize the state of the person.

The purpose of this session is to assess the state of the tools and 
methods to
identify, evaluate, preserve or increase the well-being of the person, 
referred to
as an overall state of physical, emotional, cognitive and social well-being.

Topics
Authors are solicited to submit original, previously unpublished papers
in the following, but not limited to, topic areas:

• Methodological approaches and tools for assessing well-being of frail 
people
• Interventions techniques
• Tools to promote social/emotional/physical well-being
• Well-being of aging people
• Wellbeing of caregivers
• Smart homes/environments

We welcome both theoretical and empirical studies, as well as contributions
from industry/organizations dealing with the special session topic.

Publication
Accepted papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings.
Proceedings will be submitted for inclusion in leading indexing services,
Ei Compendex, ISI Web of Science, Scopus, CrossRef, Google Scholar, DBLP,
as well as EAI’s own EU Digital Library (EUDL).

Authors of selected best accepted and presented papers of the whole 
conference
will be invited to submit an extended version to:

Mobile Networks and Applications (MONET) Journal (IF: 3.259)
Multimedia Tools and Applications (MTAP) Journal
EAI Endorsed Transactions on Cloud Systems
EAI Endorsed Transactions on Serious Games

Paper submission
Papers should be submitted through EAI ‘Confy‘ system, and have to comply
with the ACM format. See conference web site.

Chairs
Fabio Salice, Politecnico di Milano
Sara Comai, Politecnico di Milano

Important dates
Full Paper Submission deadline: September 14, 2018
Notification deadline: October 5, 2018
Camera-ready deadline: November 1, 2018
Conference: November 28-30, 2018

We will be grateful to you for advertising this special session, for 
contributing
and for inviting your colleagues and/or research students to submit 
their work.
We hope to meet you in Bologna in November.