                            Call for Papers
                Mobile Computing and Applications Track
          The 34th ACM/SIGAPP Symposium on Applied Computing
                               SAC 2019
                          April 8 - 12, 2019
                           Limassol, Cyprus

                http://www.comp.polyu.edu.hk/~sac19mca/

            http://www.sigapp.org/conferences/sac/sac2019/

  Sponsored by ACM Special Interest Group on Applied Computing (SIGAPP)
               Hosted by University of Cyprus, Cyprus
         The SRC Program is sponsored by Microsoft Research


Important Notice - SAC No-Show Policy

Paper registration is required, allowing the inclusion of the
paper/poster in the conference proceedings. An author or a proxy
attending SAC MUST present the paper. This is a requirement for all
accepted papers, posters, and invited SRC submissions to be included in
the ACM/IEEE digital library. No-show of scheduled papers and posters
will result in excluding them from the ACM/IEEE digital library.


The Mobile Computing and Applications Track

For the past thirty three years, the ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
has been a primary gathering forum for applied computer scientists,
computer engineers, software engineers, and application developers from
around the world. SAC 2019 is sponsored by the ACM Special Interest
Group on Applied Computing (SIGAPP), and is hosted by University of
Cyprus, Cyprus.

The area of mobile computing has gained tremendous momentum following
the widespread drive towards wireless sensor networks, Internet of
Things and location tracking technologies and their applications.
Various mobile gadgets, generally embedded within small ubiquitous
devices, notably in myriads of intelligent smart phones and devices,
have paved the way for wearable computers and found their applications
in various industries, such as transportation and health-care, just to
name a few. The availability of high bandwidth LTE and the upcoming 5G
communication infrastructures and the pervasive deployment of low cost
WiFi access points have accelerated the development of mobile computing
to provide ubiquitous computing. This is made possible through the use
of increasingly powerful handheld devices, many of which now come with
built-in Bluetooth, WiFi and NFC interfaces. Emergence and acceptance of
programming standards like HTML5, AJAX, SOAP/.NET, web services, and
different software applications have paved the way for seamless
communications across devices. Innovative and useful applications are
built on the rising mobile and ubiquitous services provided over the
cloud, in the realization of the Internet of Things. More recently,
mobile devices are often personalized and virtualized as an extension of
oneself, where sensors embedded in these devices can monitor the human
activities accurately, forming the body area networks. The sensor-acquired
data is used by intelligent apps for better user experience. They are
contributing towards availability of big data for analysis and various
advanced applications. The unique characteristics and issues present
in a mobile computing environment have motivated diverse research and
application areas, spanning from protocols for mobile computing to
middleware services to facilitate better integration of mobile and
location-based services to existing network infrastructure, as well as
effective information processing involving Internet of things, sensor
networks, in various application domains such as m-commerce, m-health.

The Mobile Computing and Applications track is dedicated to this
exciting and ever evolving area of mobile computing to continually draw
upon research efforts and expertise from different areas of researches
for better synergy. We would like to bring forth not only the core
technologies that drive state-of-the-art research, but also important
applied research and applications to realize the benefits of anywhere,
any place and anytime computing.

Papers are solicited for the following representative topic areas (but
not restricted to):

- adaptive computing
- apps on smart phones
- big data applications on ubiquitous sensory data
- body area networks
- cloud-based mobile services
- context-aware mobile computing
- internet of things
- L-commerce and M-commerce
- location-aware applications
- M-health
- mobile agents
- mobile device programming and applications
- mobile middleware services
- mobile privacy and security
- mobile web access
- NFC and RFID applications
- sensor networks
- software engineering for mobile applications and systems
- spatiotemporal data representation and processing
- visualization on handheld devices
- wearable computers
- wireless communication and networking
- wireless multimedia


Submission Guidelines

Authors are invited to submit original papers in all areas of experimental
computing and application development for the technical program via the
various tracks hosted by SAC 2019. Submissions fall into the following
categories:

  * Original and unpublished research work
  * Reports of innovative computing applications in the arts, sciences,
    engineering, and business areas
  * Reports of successful technology transfer to new problem domains
  * Reports of industrial experience and demos of new innovative systems

The length of an accepted regular paper is up to eight pages. Authors
could pay for two additional pages at a charge, making it a maximum of
ten pages. Each accepted poster paper is up to three pages. Authors
could pay for one additional page at a charge for a total of four pages.

Program Committee members from renowned universities with strong expertise
in the track focus area will blindly review submissions to our track.
Accepted papers will be published in the annual proceedings and ACM
digital library. Submission of the same paper to multiple tracks is
not allowed. Prospective papers should be submitted via the automated
START submission system under SAC 2019 web page. For more information
please visit the SAC 2019 Website at
http://www.sigapp.org/conferences/sac/sac2019/.

Authors are invited to submit their papers (in postscript or pdf format)
by September 24, 2018. The papers must be original work, not previously
published, and currently not submitted elsewhere. The author(s) name(s)
and address(es) must NOT appear in the body of the paper, and self-reference
should be in the third person. This is to facilitate blind review. Only the
title should be shown at the first page without the authors' information.
One of the authors must be designated as the primary contact point to
receive the notification at the time of the paper submission. Each paper
will undergo a formal peer review process on the basis of technical
quality, originality, clarity, and relevance to the track topics above.
If you have any inquiry about the track, please contact
sac19mca@comp.polyu.edu.hk with the Track Chairs.

Submission must be received by Monday, September 24, 2018.


Student Research Competition Program
Sponsored by Microsoft Research

The Student Research Competition (SRC) program, sponsored by Microsoft
Research, was added to the ACM SIGAPP Symposium on Applied Computing
(SAC) in 2013. SAC 2019 SRC program provides graduate students the
opportunity to meet and exchange ideas with researchers and practitioners
in their areas of interest. Active graduate students seeking feedback
from the scientific community on their research ideas are invited to
submit abstracts of their original unpublished and in-progress research
work in areas of experimental computing and application development
related to SAC 2019 Tracks. Each accepted SRC paper is of a length of
up to four pages and there is no allowance for more pages.

If you encounter any problems with your submission, please contact the
SRC Program Chair:
SAC 2019 SRC Program Chair
Armin R. Mikler
University of North Texas
Denton, Texas, USA
email: mikler@unt.edu


Track Officials

Track Co-chairs
Hong Va Leong
Department of Computing
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
Hung Hom
Hong Kong
email: cshleong@comp.polyu.edu.hk
URL: http://www.comp.polyu.edu.hk/~cshleong

Sheikh Iqbal Ahamed
Department of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science
Marquette University, USA
email: sheikh.ahamed@mu.edu
URL: http://www.mscs.mu.edu/~iq/


IMPORTANT DATES
September 24, 2018 Extended Paper Submission Deadline
November 24, 2018  Paper Author Notification
December 10, 2018  Camera-Ready Copy Due
December 10, 2018  Author Registration