Call for Papers

The 10th International Conference on Ambient Systems, Networks and Technologies
Leuven, Belgium 
April 29 - May 2, 2019
Conference:
http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/ant-19/ 

Workshops:
http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/ant-19/#workshop
Tutorials:
http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/ant-19/#tutorial

Important Dates
- Workshops Proposals Due:    October 30, 2018 
- Paper Submission Due:          December 6, 2018
- Acceptance Notification:          February 4, 2019
- Camera-Ready Submission:   March 1, 2019

ANT 2019 accepted papers will be published by Elsevier Science in the open-access Procedia Computer Science series on-line. Procedia Computer Science is hosted by Elsevier on www.Elsevier.com and on Elsevier content platform ScienceDirect (www.sciencedirect.com), and will be freely available worldwide. All papers in Procedia will be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and by Thomson Reuters' Conference Proceeding Citation Index (http://thomsonreuters.com/conference-proceedings-citation-index/). All papers in Procedia will also be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and Engineering Village (Ei) (www.engineeringvillage.com). This includes EI Compendex (www.ei.org/compendex). Moreover, all accepted papers will be indexed in DBLP (http://dblp.uni-trier.de/). The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers. You will be able to provide a hyperlink to all delegates and direct your conference website visitors to your proceedings. Selected papers will be invited for publication, in the special issues of:

- Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing (IF: 1.588), by Springer (http://www.springer.com/engineering/journal/12652)
- IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine (IF: 3.654), by IEEE (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=5117645)
- IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems (IF: 3.724), by IEEE (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=6979)

ANT 2019 will be held in Leuven, Belgium. Leuven is the capital of the province of Flemish Brabant in Belgium. It is located about 25 kilometres (16 miles) east of Brussels. It is the 10th largest municipality in Belgium and the fourth in Flanders. Leuven is home to the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the largest and oldest university of the Low Countries and the oldest Catholic university still in existence. The related university hospital of UZ Leuven, is one of the largest hospitals of Europe. The city is also known for being the headquarters of Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's largest brewer and one of the five largest consumer-goods companies in the world.

Leuven's Town Hall is one of the best-known Gothic town halls worldwide and Leuven's pride and joy. It took three architects and thirty years to build it. Leuven's 'Hall of Fame' features 236 statues, which were only added to the façade after 1850. There are 220 men and 16 women in total. On the bottom floor are famous Leuven scientists, artists and historical figures, dressed in Burgundian garb. The first floor is reserved for the patron saints of the various parishes of Leuven. Above them the façade is adorned by the counts and dukes of Brabant while the towers primarily feature biblical figures.

ANT 2019 will be held in conjunction with the 2nd International Conference on Emerging Data and Industry 4.0 (EDI40, http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/edi40-19/).

Conference Tracks
- Agent Systems, Intelligent Computing and Applications
- Big Data and Analytics
- Cloud Computing
- Context-awareness and Multimodal Interfaces
- Emerging Networking, Tracking and Sensing Technologies
- Human Computer Interaction
- Internet of Things
- Mobile Networks, Protocols and Applications
- Modeling and Simulation in Transportation Sciences
- Multimedia and Social Computing
- Service Oriented Computing for Systems & Applications
- Smart, Sustainable Cities and Climate Change Management
- Smart Environments and Applications
- Systems Security and Privacy
- Systems Software Engineering
- Vehicular Networks and Applications
- General Track

Committees
General Chairs
 Hossam Hassanein, Queen's University, Canada
 Albert Zomaya, The University of Sydney, Australia

Program Chairs
 Haroon Malik, Marshall University, USA
 Ansar-Ul-Haque Yasar, IMOB – Hasselt University, Belgium

Local Chair
 Yves Vanrompay, Hasselt University, Belgium

Workshops Chair
 Stephane Galland, UTBM, France Program

Advisory Committee
 Reda Alhajj, University of Calgary, Canada
 Abdelfettah Belghith, University of Manouba, Tunisia
 Sajal K. Das, The University of Texas at Arlington, USA
 Erol Gelenbe, Imperial College, UK
 Vincenzo Loia, University of Salerno, Italy
 Peter Sloot, Universiteit van Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Ralf Steinmetz, Technische Universitaet Darmstadt, Germany
 Katia Sycara, Carnegie Mellon University, USA
 Peter Thomas, Manifesto Research, Australia

International Journals Chair
 Michael Sheng, Macquarie University, Australia 

Vice Chairs
 Imene Lahyani Abdennadher, University of Sfax, Tunisia
 Boulmakoul Azedine, Hassan II University, Morocco
 Marcel Baunach, Graz University of Technology, Austria
 Tom Bellemans, Hasselt University, Belgium
 Nik Bessis, Edge Hill University, UK
 Kechar Bouabdellah, Oran 1 Ahmed BenBella University, Algeria
 Samia Bouzefrane,CEDRIC Lab Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers, France
 Roberto Di Pietro, Hamad Bin Khalifa University, Qatar
 Khalil Drira, LAAS-CNRS, France
 Wael El-Medany, University of Bahrain, Bahrain
 John Gallagher, Trinity College Dublin, Ireland
 Jason Jaskolka, Carleton University, Canada
 Flavio Lombardi, Roma Tre University of Rome, Italy
 Haroon Malik, Marshall University, USA
 Ahmed Nait Sidi Moh, University of Picardie Jules Verne, France
 Manuele Kirsch Pinheiro, University of Paris 1, France
 Cristina Seceleanu, Mälardalen University, Västerås, Sweden
 Khaled Shaaban, Qatar University, Qatar
 Yves Vanrompay, Hasselt University, Belgium
 Yun Zhou, Shaanxi Normal University, China

Publicity Chairs
 Wim Ectors, Hasselt University, Belgium
 Davidekova Monika, Comenius University, Slovak Republic

International Liaison Chairs
 Soumaya Cherkaoui, Sherbrooke University, Canada
 Paul Davidsson, Malmo University, Sweden
 David Taniar, Monash University, Australia

Technical Program Committee
 http://cs-conferences.acadiau.ca/ant-19/#programCommittees

Steering Committee Chair and Founder of ANT
 Elhadi Shakshuki, Acadia University, Canada 