The 17th IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications
(ICMLA-2018)
Special Session: Machine Learning for Predictive Models in Engineering Applications
(MLPMEA 2018) http://www.icmla-conference.org/icmla18/predictivemodels.pdf
December 17-20, 2018, Orlando, Florida, USA
www.icmla-conference.org/icmla18


Aim
 The MLPMEA 2018 special session provides an excellent international forum for sharing
knowledge and results in theory, methodology and applications of Machine Learning for
developing predictive models for different engineering applications. Machine Learning models
are efficient for handing complex prediction models due to their outstanding performance in
handling large scale datasets with uniform characteristics and noisy data. Examples of
MLPMEA 2018 topics of interest include building predictive models using Machine Learning to
solve specific engineering problems such as regression and classification problems.
Scope

 The aim of this special session is to obtain a good perspective into the current state of
practice of Machine Learning to address various predictive problems. Some topics relevant to
this session include, but are not limited to:

? Biomedical image analysis/processing
? Clustering
? Decision Support
? Support Vector Machine
? Time Series
? Decision Trees
? Fuzzy Logic & Systems
? Probabilistic Reasoning
? Lazy Learning
? Classification
? Recommender Systems
? Expert Systems
? Artificial Neural Networks
? Evolutionary Algorithms
? Ranking Algorithms
? Cognitive Processes
? Evolutionary Computing
? Swarm Intelligence
? Artificial Immune Systems
? Markov Model
? Chaos Theory
? Multi-Valued Logic
? Ensemble Techniques
? Hybrid Intelligent Models
? Reasoning Models
 Applied to
? Nuclear Engineering
? Sustainable and Renewable Energy
? Software Engineering
? Biomedical Engineering
? Mechanical Engineering
? Civil Engineering
? Electrical Engineering
? Computer Engineering
? Chemical Engineering
? Industrial Engineering
? Environmental Engineering

Submission Guidelines and Instructions

Papers submitted for reviewing should conform to IEEE specifications. Manuscript templates
can be downloaded from IEEE website. The maximum length of papers is 8 pages. All the
papers will go through double-blind peer review process. Authors’ names and affiliations should
not appear in the submitted paper. Authors’ prior work should be cited in the third person.
Authors should also avoid revealing their identities and/or institutions in the text, figures, links,
etc.
Papers must be submitted via the CTM System by selecting the track “Special Session on
Machine Learning for Predictive Models in Engineering Applications”. All accepted papers must
be presented by one of the authors, who must register. Detailed instructions for submitting
papers can be found at How to Submit.

Paper Publication:
Accepted papers will be published in the ICMLA 2018 conference proceedings (published by
IEEE). A selected number of accepted papers will be invited for possible inclusion, in an
expanded and revised form, in some journal special issues.

Important Dates:
Submission Deadline: September 7, 2018
Notification of Acceptance: October 7, 2018
Camera-ready papers & Pre-Registration: October 17, 2018

Special Session Organizers:
Ali Bou Nassif
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Sharjah
anassif@sharjah.ac.ae

Mohammad Azzeh
Department of Software Engineering
Applied Science University, Jordan
m.y.azzeh@asu.edu.jo

Shadi Banitaan
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
University of Detroit Mercy, USA
banitash@udmercy.edu