Open Position

OSM Routing Services & Algorithms
Heidelberg Institute for Geoinformation Technology (HeiGIT)

You genuinely enjoy developing open source Geoinformation Services used by thousands on a daily
basis? You are a highly motivated Java backend developer and algorithm designer? And you love
using and enhancing OpenStreetMap for high-performance GI services for global coverage? Then we
actually might have a suitable and interesting job for you.
In order to promote technology transfer and applied research in the area of Geoinformatics, the
Heidelberg Institute for Geoinformation Technology (HeiGIT http://www.heigit.org) is currently being
established with the support of the Klaus-Tschira Foundation. In the future, this endeavor is to be
continued in the future as an independent institute. To this end, we are looking for a motivated
Software Engineer in the field of OSM Routing Services (Java Backend). Depending on your
experience the tasks are related to at least one of the following areas:

Route Planning, Smart Mobility and Navigation Intelligence

• Development and design of innovative routing services, algorithms and extensions for the wellknown
open source project http://go.openrouteservice.org (Java).
• Extension of the global services infrastructure of various location-based services (LBS) using OSM.
• Development of highly performant algorithms, methods and GI web services, especially for the
analysis and data enrichment of heterogeneous global geodata sets e.g. from the Social Web,
OpenStreetMap, etc., especially in the domain of routing, traffic and navigation etc.

We offer an attractive position in an interdisciplinary team in a highly dynamic and growing market.
HeiGIT is and will be related closely to the Department of Geoinformatics, which is member of the
Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing (IWR) and the Heidelberg Center for the
Environment (HCE). We offer a stimulating interdisciplinary research environment with many
personal development opportunities.

We expect a highly-motivated backend developer with solid experience in Java or C++ and an above average
university degree in one of the subjects such as Geoinformatics, Computer Science,
Geography or similar.

The position is to be filled as soon as possible and for administrative reasons initially limited to two
years - with the option of sustainable extension. Please send application documents (CV, certificates,
references, etc.) as soon as possible to zipf@uni-heidelberg.de.