Call for Posters, Demos and Short Papers
Deadline 31 August 2018.

The 10th IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing
Technology and Science (CloudCom 2018)

Hilton Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus, 10-13 December, 2018

http://cyprusconferences.org/cloudcom2018/


CloudCom is the premier conference on Cloud Computing worldwide,
attracting researchers, developers, users, students and practitioners from
the fields of big data, systems architecture, services research, virtualization,
security and privacy, high performance computing, always with an emphasis
on how to build cloud computing platforms with real impact. The conference
is co-sponsored by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE),
is steered by the Cloud Computing Association, and draws on the excellence
of its world-class Program Committee and its participants. CloudCom 2018
will be held in Nicosia, Cyprus between 10-13 December, 2018.


TOPICS OF INTEREST

Topics of interest of CloudCom 2018 are grouped into four tracks:

¥ Architecture, Storage and Virtualization
¥ Cloud Services and Applications
¥ Security, Privacy and Trust
¥ Edge Computing and Distributed Cloud

The (non-exhaustive) list of topics for each track is as follows:

Track 1: Architecture, Storage and Virtualization
Chairs: Luiz F. Bittencourt, University of Campinas (UNICAMP), Brazil,
Ivona Brandic, TU-Wien, Austria

¥ Intercloud architecture models
¥ Virtual Machines (VMs), containers, unikernels and microservices
¥ Cloud services delivery models, campus integration & “last mile” issues
¥ Virtualization technology and enablers (network virtualization,
software-defined networking)
¥ Networking technologies
¥ Cloud system design with FPGAs, GPUs, APUs
¥ Storage & file systems
¥ Scalability & performance
¥ Resource provisioning, monitoring, management & maintenance
¥ Operational, economic & business models
¥ Green data centers
¥ Computational resources, storage & network virtualization
¥ Resource monitoring
¥ Virtual desktops
¥ Resilience, fault tolerance, disaster recovery
¥ Modeling & performance evaluation
¥ Disaster recovery
¥ Energy efficiency

Track 2: Cloud Services and Applications
Chairs: Laura Ricci, University of Pisa, Italy,
Beniamino Di Martino, Seconda Universita’ di Napoli, Italy

¥ XaaS (everything as a service including IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS)
¥ Cloud services models & frameworks
¥ Service deployment and orchestration in the Cloud
¥ Cloud service management
¥ Cloud workflow management
¥ Cloud services reference models & standardization
¥ Cloud-powered services design
¥ Cloud elasticity
¥ Machine learning and systems interactions
¥ Data management applications & services
¥ Service for computing-intensive applications
¥ Mining and analytics
¥ Data-provisioning services
¥ Cloud programming models, benchmarks, and tools
¥ Cloud-based services & protocols
¥ Fault-tolerance & availability of cloud services and applications
¥ Application development and debugging tools
¥ Business models & economics of cloud services

Track 3: Security, Privacy and Trust
Chairs: Martin Gilje Jaatun, University of Stavanger, Norway,
Barbara Carminati, Insubria, Italy

¥ Accountability & audit
¥ Authentication & authorization
¥ Cloud integrity
¥ Blockchain Cloud services
¥ Cryptography in the Cloud
¥ Hypervisor security
¥ Identity management & security as a service
¥ Prevention of data loss or leakage
¥ Secure, interoperable identity management
¥ Trust & credential management
¥ Trust models for cloud services
¥ Usable security Risk management in cloud computing environments
¥ Privacy policy framework for clouds
¥ Privacy-preserving data mining for clouds
¥ Information sharing and data protection in the cloud
¥ Cryptographic protocols against internal attacks in clouds
¥ Privacy protection in cloud platforms
¥ Energy/cost/efficiency of security in clouds

Track 4: Edge Computing and Distributed Cloud
Chairs: Antonio Fernandez Anta, IMDEA, Spain,
Sarunas Girdzijauskas, KTH, Sweden

¥ Cloudlet-enabled applications
¥ Distributed Cloud Infrastructure
¥ Foundations and principles of distributed cloud computing
¥ Architectural models, prototype implementations and applications
¥ Cloud brokers and coordination across multiple resource managers
¥ Interoperability and mobility
¥ Software infrastructure for cloudlets
¥ Dynamic resource, service and context management on edge computing
¥ Fog Computing
¥ IoT cloud architectures & models
¥ Cloud-based context-aware IoT
¥ Economics and pricing
¥ Experience with and performance evaluation of existing deployments and
measurements (public, private, hybrid, federated environments)


PAPER SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Submitted papers must not substantially overlap papers that have been
published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference
with proceedings. Authors must submit their papers by the deadline indicated
below, using the EasyChair submission system:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=cloudcom2018 .

Only PDF files will be accepted. Manuscripts need to be prepared according to
the IEEE CS format (https://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html).
All regular paper submissions should be written in English with a maximum
paper length of 8 pages. All submitted papers will be reviewed by at least
three experts.

Accepted papers must be presented at the conference. At least one author of
each accepted paper must register to the conference, by the early date
indicated by the organizers, and present the paper.

The conference proceedings of CloudCom 2018 will be published by IEEE
Conference Publishing Service with ISBN and ISSN, and submitted to IEEE
Xplore and indexing services such as Ei Compendex. Distinguished papers
will be recommended for fast-track publication in the IEEE Transactions on
Cloud Computing or invited to be included within a number of special issues
in prestigious international journals.


CALL FOR TUTORIAL AND WORKSHOP PROPOSALS

IEEE CloudCom 2018 is soliciting proposals for full-day / half-day workshops
and Tutorials to be held in conjunction with IEEE CloudCom 2018. For more
information on the tutorials and workshops and for the complete Call for
Tutorial and Workshop Proposals, please see the conference website.


CALL FOR POSTERS, DEMOS & SHORT PAPERS (Late-breaking Results)

Authors are invited to submit their research work as a poster, demo or short
paper (late-breaking results) to the CloudCom 2018 conference. For the
complete Call for Call for Posters, Demos & Short Papers (Late-breaking
Results) please see the conference website.


CALL FOR PH.D. CONSORTIUM

A Ph.D. consortium will be held in conjunction with IEEE CloudCom 2018 in
Nicosia, Cyprus. For the complete Call for Ph.D. consortium, please see the
conference website.


IMPORTANT DATES

¥ Tutorial Proposals Due: 30 June 2018
¥ Regular Papers Due: 15 June 2018
¥ Ph.D. Consortium Papers Due: 31 August 2018
¥ Short Papers, Posters and Demos Due: 31 August 2018
¥ Notification of Paper Acceptance: 14 September 2018
¥ Camera Ready: 08 October 2018
¥ Author Registration: 15 October 2018


ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

GENERAL CHAIR
¥ George Angelos Papadopoulos, University of Cyprus, Cyprus

PROGRAM CHAIRS
¥ George Pallis, University of Cyprus, Cyprus
¥ Sebastien Varrette, University of Luxembourg, Luxembourg

PROGRAM TRACK CHAIRS
¥ Antonio Fernandez Anta, IMDEA, Spain
¥ Luiz F. Bittencourt, University of Campinas (UNICAMP), Brazil
¥ Ivona Brandic, TU-Wien, Austria
¥ Barbara Carminati, Insubria, Italy
¥ Martin Gilje Jaatun, University of Stavanger, Norway
¥ Sarunas Girdzijauskas, KTH, Sweden
¥ Beniamino Di Martino, Seconda Universita’ di Napoli, Italy
¥ Laura Ricci, University of Pisa, Italy

WORKSHOPS & TUTORIALS CO-CHAIRS

¥ Domenico Talia, University of Calabria, Italy
¥ Dimitrios Tsoumakos, Ionian University, Greece

PH.D. COMSORTIUM CHAIR
¥ Achilleas Achilleos, University of Cyprus, Cyprus

SHORT PAPERS, POSTERS & DEMO CHAIR
¥ Ioannis Konstantinou, NTUA, Greece

PUBLICITY CHAIR
¥ Achilleas Achilleos, University of Cyprus, Cyprus

-- 
Dr. Ioannis Konstantinou
Senior Researcher
CSLAB-NTUA
+30 2107721544(int 421)
+30 6945992906
http://www.cslab.ntua.gr/~ikons