The L3S Research Center, Hannover, Germany, invites applications for

             one Postdoc and two Ph.D. research positions

in the areas of Machine Learning, Data Mining, Semantic Technologies and Natural Language Processing.

Your work will focus on conducting large-scale data analysis in several application domains, including 
in particular mobility and logistics as well as on enhancing the usability and explainability of machine 
learning and data analytics approaches.

In your work you will develop solutions to real-world problems that require large-scale data analytics while 
utilizing distributed platforms such as Hadoop, HBase and Storm as well as state-of-the-art machine learning 
libraries including Apache Spark MLlib, SANSA and TensorFlow.  

Your research will connect to our work in the projects Simple-ML and Data4UrbanMobility 
(http://data4urbanmobility.l3s.uni-hannover.de) funded by The Federal 
Ministry of Education and Research, Germany (BMBF), and provide important input to the development of the 
integrated data analytics and machine learning platforms.  

Your research will focus on selected topics in the following areas

    * Large-scale data analytics
    * Dataset profiling
    * Application of Knowledge Graphs and RDF in Machine Learning
    * Usability and explainability of Machine Learning
    * Question answering and dialog systems

in a challenging and unique research environment.

You should possess good knowledge in one or several areas relevant for the topics specified in this announcement. 
Good proficiency in English and German is expected, as well as an outstanding M.Sc. or Ph.D. in computer science. 
International experience during your studies or afterwards as well as good social and communication skills are helpful.

The salary amounts to German TV-L E13/E14, which is roughly 40.000 to 50.000 Euro gross income per year.

Please submit your application including the usual documents as well as a list of references, preferably by email, to

Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Nejdl
L3S Research Center
Appelstrasse 4
30167 Hannover, Germany
http://www.L3S.de/
http://www.kbs.uni-hannover.de/~nejdl/
E-Mail: nejdl@L3S.de