Lecturer positions available in the Department of Computer Science, University of Auckland
The Department of Computer Science is seeking early career academics to join our diverse and internationally renowned department in newly created Lecturer positions. These positions will be centred in the fields of Computer Vison, Software Engineering, Computer Graphics and Data Science. If you are passionate about teaching and research, want to build lasting collaborations and value diversity, we encourage you to apply.
The Department of Computer Science at the University of Auckland is New Zealand's largest, most diverse and most accomplished. The department was founded in 1981. It now has more than 54 academic staff and 60 PhD students, and an ever-growing cohort of undergraduates. The department is among the top 100 Computer Science Departments in the world according to the 2017 QS World University Rankings.
We are seeking candidates who hold a PhD and can demonstrate excellence in research. You will need to be able to evidence a commitment to high quality, research-informed teaching of both undergraduate and graduate students. Ideally, you should have a research program that complements and builds on existing areas of strength within the department (http://www.cs.auckland.ac.nz).
Computer Science is located within the Faculty of Science which is the largest and most highly ranked science faculty in New Zealand. It is also ranked among the top 90 science facilities worldwide by the QS World University Rankings. The ten departments and schools that form the Faculty of Science represent the breadth and diversity of science in our modern world.
Apply
If you would like to work with an internationally renowned department where you can build your career, apply online today!
Applications must include a cover letter, evidence of qualifications/research, and updated recent curriculum vitae. Please note letters of references may be requested for longlisted candidates.
Why work here?
Auckland's harbour setting, magnificent beaches and verdant bush make it a great place to study and work, while the University's close proximity to New Zealand's major businesses and hospitals enables staff and students to rub shoulders with leading practitioners in their field. Auckland offers a diverse range of employment and leisure options, including easy access to high quality schools which prepare students extremely well for the transition to University.
In addition, the University of Auckland offers the following:
* A competitive salary
* Five weeks annual leave
* A company superannuation scheme and discounts on a number of internal and external services
Applications close Sunday, 30 September 2018.
For further information and to apply online please visit www.auckland.ac.nz/opportunities