Call for Papers 14th International Conference on Emerging Technologies (ICET) 2018, Islamabad, Pakistan

Apologies for any multiple postings

Respected All,

Dear Colleague (s),

You are invited to submit your paper for the upcoming 14th International Conference on Emerging Technologies (ICET) 2018 to be organized by the Department of Computer Sciences, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan on 21st and 22nd of November, 2018, in cooperation with the IEEE, Islamabad Chapter. ICET is an IEEE sponsored conference and its proceedings will be submitted to IEEE Xplore.
 
IEEE ICET is held every year and ICET 2018 will be the 14th in the series. ICET has become a prestigious technical conference with a scope covering new and exciting technologies and research areas, thereby inviting interest of a large audience. The conference covers a diverse range of topics related to emerging technologies in various fields of ICT. It provides an opportunity for researchers working in diverse topics to meet, present, and discuss their ideas and research. The topics include, but are not limited to:
 
Networks and Communications 
Wireless, Mobile and Adhoc Networks
Information and Cyber Security 
Information Retrieval
Data Mining 
Information Systems
Machine Learning 
Software Engineering, Testing & Reliability
Social Network Analysis 
Semantic Web
Intelligent Systems 
Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Bio-Engineering & Bio-Informatics
Internet of Things
Sensor Networks
Smart Systems
Artificial Intelligence
Computational and Mathematical Modeling and Simulation
Circuits and Embedded Systems 

Keynote Speakers
 
Dr. Vallipuram Muthukkumarasamy 
Group Leader/Network Security Research
Institute for Integrated and Intelligent Systems Griffith University, Australia

Dr. Ahmad Muqeem Sheri
Research Project Lead, Self Driving cars
Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology
Republic of Korea

Location
Islamabad - The beautiful capital of Pakistan, located at the foothills of the Margalla hills. The city is home to several parks (including Margalla Hills National Park, Lake View Park, and Shakarparian Park) and landmarks (including Faisal Mosque and Pakistan's National Monument). The average high temperature in November is around 25 °C. 
 
Important Dates
 
Submission Deadline : 15-August-2018
Decision Notification : 15-Sep-2018
Final Camera Ready Paper Submission : 02-Oct-2018
Registration Deadline : 02-Oct-2018
Conference Dates : 21-22 Nov, 2018
Venue: Ramada Hotel, 1 Club Road, Murree Road, Islamabad, Pakistan 

Submission
You can submit your manuscripts using EasyChair (https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=icet20183). For details about manuscript preparation and submission visit http://icet.org.pk. The conference proceedings will be published by IEEE Xplore (https://conferences.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/conferencedetails/45444)