Third International Conference on Real-Time Intelligence Systems (RTIS 2018)
Taipei, Taiwan
November 13-15, 2018
http://www.socio.org.uk/rtis
Springer Series in Lecture Notes in Real-Time Intelligent Systems
(http://www.springer.com/series/11156)

Real-Time Computing covers a broad spectrum of the intensively developing area of low-latency priority-driven system responsiveness under certain time constrains to essential and decisive human-computer interactions with constantly incoming data stream. Research on real-time intelligent systems is of a multi-disciplinary nature, exploiting concepts from the areas as diverse as signal processing technologies, computational intelligence, location systems, data processing, digital document processing and embedded system design. To accomplish its real-time performance, systematic analysis is carried out when the systems are working.

Therefore, over the last few years real-time intelligent computing has radically transformed human life style. In the today’s competitive and highly dynamic environment, analyzing data in real time is a must to understand in detail how the systems are processing the data and to reason the outputs and anticipate the trends in intelligent computing, has become critical.
To leverage the full potential of the opportunity build complex real time systems, intense research is required and this conference will serve as one such platform to manifest the ongoing research in the real time intelligence system.
The conference welcomes theoretically grounded, methodologically sound research papers from academia and industry that address variety of aspects and innovations related to real-time computing systems.

The scope of the conference includes, but is not limited to the following areas:

Streaming data, streaming engines
Big Data systems and applications for high-velocity data
Analysis in advanced domains such as energy, sensors, etc
Artificial Intelligence
Broadband Intelligence
Cloud Computing and Intelligence
Collaborative Intelligence
Crowdsourcing and crowd intelligence
Data capture in real-time
Intelligent Database Systems
Data mining
Intelligent Data Analysis
OLAP for real-time decision support
Data quality and cleansing
Intelligent Fuzzy Systems
Event-driven analytics
Visualizing real-time data and information
Intelligent Soft Computing
Privacy and security in Intelligence
Architectures for Intelligence
Internet of Things
Intelligent Robotic Systems
Smart Services and Platforms
Intelligent Transportation Systems
Mobile Smart Systems
Trace-based intelligent real-time services (eye-tracking, image tracking)
Real-time intelligent alert systems
Machine translation in real time
Multilingual information access
Multiagent Intelligent Systems
Intelligent Information Systems
Adaptive vision algorithms
Real-time Intelligent Network solutions
Real-time distributed coding
Real-time modelling user’s information needs
Real-time noise removal systems
Real-time intelligent communication
Real-time remote access systems
Decision support systems in real time
Real-time multiprocessor systems

RTIS 2018 has workshops, tutorials, Doctoral Consortium, Mentorship Programme and Proofread and Translation Program.

Modified versions of the RTIS will appear in many indexed journals.

1. Future Internet
2. Journal of Medical Internet Research
3. Machine Learning
4. Virtual Reality
5. The Journal of Intelligent Systems

BEST PAPER AWARD
The best paper presented in the RTIS will be given a cash award of 500 Swiss Francs by the MDPI Publishers, Switzerland. Besides a gold certification will be given.

Committee

Honorary General Chair
Jolanta Mizera-Pietraszko, Opole University, Poland

General Chair
Yao-Liang Chung, National Taiwan Ocean University, Taiwan

Program Chairs
Pit Pichappan, Digital Information Research Lab., India
Simon Fong, University of Macau, Macau

The Proceedings will be published by Springer in the  Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Real-Time Intelligent Systems, Volume 3 RTIS 2018.  (http://www.springer.com/series/11156 )

For the series information please see-

http://www.springer.com/gp/book/9783319607436

Important Dates

Paper Submission:  August 30,  2018
Paper Notification: September 20, 2018
Camera ready: October 10, 2018
Early registration: November 01, 2018
Full-rate registration: November 10, 2018
Conference Dates: November 13-15, 2018

Contact: rtis@socio.org.uk

 