Call for Papers

(Submission Deadline extended: Aug. 19, 2018)

2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (IEEE Big Data 2018)
http://cci.drexel.edu/bigdata/bigdata2018/index.html
December 10-13, 2018,  Seattle, WA, USA
 
In recent years, "Big Data" has become a new ubiquitous term. Big Data is transforming science, engineering, 
medicine, healthcare, finance, business, and ultimately our society itself. 
The IEEE BigData conference series started in 2013 has established itself as the top tier research conference in Big Data. 
- The first conference IEEE Big Data 2013 had more than 400 registered participants from 40 countries 
( http://cci.drexel.edu/bigdata/bigdata2013/) and the regular paper acceptance  rate is 17.0%.
- The IEEE Big Data 2017 ( http://cci.drexel.edu/bigdata/bigdata2017/ ,  regular paper acceptance rate: 17.8%) was held 
in Boston, MA, Dec 11-14, 2017 with close to 1000 registered participants from 50 countries.
 
The 2018 IEEE International Conference on Big Data (IEEE Big Data 2018) will continue the success of the previous IEEE Big Data conferences. 
It will provide a leading forum for disseminating the latest results in Big Data Research, Development, and Applications. 
 
We solicit high-quality original research papers (and significant work-in-progress papers) in any aspect of Big Data 
with emphasis on 5Vs (Volume, Velocity, Variety, Value and Veracity), including the Big Data challenges in scientific and engineering, 
social, sensor/IoT/IoE, and multimedia (audio, video, image, etc.) big data systems and applications. 
Example topics of interest includes but is not limited to the following:
 
1.    Big Data Science and Foundations
a.    Novel Theoretical Models for Big Data
b.    New Computational Models for Big Data 
c.    Data and Information Quality for Big Data
d.    New Data Standards
 
2.    Big Data Infrastructure
a.    Cloud/Grid/Stream Computing for Big Data 
b.    High Performance/Parallel Computing  Platforms for Big Data
c.    Autonomic Computing and Cyber-infrastructure, System Architectures, Design and Deployment
d.    Energy-efficient Computing for Big Data
e.    Programming Models and Environments for Cluster, Cloud, and Grid Computing to Support Big Data 
f.    Software Techniques and Architectures in Cloud/Grid/Stream Computing
g.    Big Data Open Platforms
h.    New Programming Models for Big Data beyond Hadoop/MapReduce, STORM 
i.    Software Systems to Support Big Data Computing
 
3.    Big Data Management
a.    Search and Mining of variety of data including scientific and engineering, social, sensor/IoT/IoE, and multimedia data
b.    Algorithms and Systems for Big DataSearch
c.    Distributed, and Peer-to-peer Search
d.    Big Data Search  Architectures, Scalability and Efficiency
e.    Data Acquisition, Integration, Cleaning,  and Best Practices
f.    Visualization Analytics for Big Data 
g.    Computational Modeling and Data Integration 
h.    Large-scale Recommendation Systems and Social Media Systems
i.    Cloud/Grid/Stream Data Mining- Big Velocity Data
j.    Link and Graph Mining
k.    Semantic-based Data Mining and Data Pre-processing
l.    Mobility and Big Data
m.    Multimedia and Multi-structured Data- Big Variety Data
 
 
4.    Big Data Search and Mining
a.    Social Web Search and Mining
b.    Web Search
c.    Algorithms and Systems for Big Data Search
d.    Distributed, and Peer-to-peer Search
e.    Big Data Search  Architectures, Scalability and Efficiency
f.    Data Acquisition, Integration, Cleaning,  and Best Practices
g.    Visualization Analytics for Big Data 
h.    Computational Modeling and Data Integration 
i.    Large-scale Recommendation Systems and Social Media Systems
j.    Cloud/Grid/StreamData Mining- Big Velocity Data
k.    Link and Graph Mining
l.    Semantic-based Data Mining and Data Pre-processing
m.    Mobility and Big Data
n.    Multimedia and Multi-structured Data- Big Variety Data
 
5.    Big Data Security, Privacy and Trust
a.    Intrusion Detection for Gigabit Networks 
b.    Anomaly and APT Detection in Very Large Scale Systems
c.    High Performance Cryptography 
d.    Visualizing Large Scale Security Data
e.    Threat Detection using Big Data Analytics
f.    Privacy Threats of Big Data
g.    Privacy Preserving Big Data Collection/Analytics
h.    HCI Challenges for Big Data Security & Privacy
i.    User Studies for any of the above
j.    Sociological Aspects of Big Data Privacy
k.    Trust management in IoT and other Big Data Systems
 
 
6.    Big Data Applications
a.    Complex Big Data Applications  in Science, Engineering, Medicine, Healthcare, Finance, 
      Business, Law, Education, Transportation, Retailing, Telecommunication
b.    Big Data Analytics in Small Business Enterprises (SMEs),
c.    Big Data Analytics in Government, Public Sector and Society in General
d.    Real-life Case Studies of Value Creation through Big Data Analytics
e.    Big Data as a Service
f.    Big Data Industry Standards
g.    Experiences with Big Data Project Deployments
 
INDUSTRIAL Track
The Industrial Track solicits papers describing implementations of Big Data solutions relevant to industrial settings. 
The focus of industry track is on papers that address the practical, applied, or pragmatic or new research challenge issues 
related to the use of Big Data in industry. We accept full papers (up to 10 pages) and extended abstracts (2-4 pages).
 
Student Travel Award
IEEE Big Data 2018 will offerstudent travel to student authors (including post-docs) 
 
Paper Submission:
Please submit a full-length paper (up to 10 page IEEE 2-column format) through the online submission system. 
https://wi-lab.com/cyberchair/2018/bigdata18/scripts/submit.php?subarea=BigD
Papers should be formatted to IEEE Computer Society Proceedings Manuscript Formatting Guidelines 
(see link to "formatting instructions" below).

Formatting Instructions:
8.5" x 11" (DOC,PDF)
LaTex Formatting Macros

Important Dates:
Electronic submission of full papers: August 19, 2018
Notification of paper acceptance: Oct 16, 2018
Camera-ready of accepted papers: Nov 10, 2018
Conference: Dec 10-13, 2018
 
Conference co-chairs:
Dr. Donald Kossmann   Microsoft Research, USA
Prof. Bing Liu   University of Illinois at Chicago, USA
 
PC Co-chairs
Dr. Naoki Abe   IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, USA
Prof. Huan Liu   Arizona State University, USA
Prof. Calton Pu   Georgia Institute of Technology, USA
 
Industry and government program committee chairs
Dr. Nesreen Ahmed   Intel Labs, USA
Dr. Mu Qiao   IBM Almaden Research Center, USA
Dr. Yang Song   Google Seattle Lab, USA