PhD Position in Computer Science - Ulm University/BMW Car IT GmbH

Flexible end-to-end protocol for car-2-backend communication (m/f)
Institute of Databases and Information Systems (DBIS)

About the position:
The position is a joint project with BMW Car IT GmbH. The position shall start September 2018
and is funded for 3 years. It is a full-time position. Hiring is done by BMW Car IT GmbH.

Responsibilities:
    1. Active participation in BMW Car IT GmbH projects
    2. Active participation in DBIS student projects

Requirements:
    1. Master's degree in Computer Science, but not yet a doctoral degree
    2. Preferably, skills and experiences in Service-oriented Computing.
    3. Preferably, skills in software application engineering
    4. Preferably, experiences with middleware systems
    5. Preferably, strong interest in the automotive domain
    6. Preferably, skills and experiences in statistical analyses
    7. Basic experience in clear writing of scientific reports and articles
    8. Ability and willingness to work as a team player
    9. Very good skills in English in speech and writing

We offer:
    1. A diverse and attractive environment for interdisciplinary research training with close
       industrial connections.
    2. High-quality education within the Institute of Databases and Information Systems
    4. Excellent opportunities for cooperation with a team of automotive experts and computer scientists
    5. Excellent supervision on your research project at multiple levels

Application:
Ulm University and BMW Car IT GmbH are committed to increase the share of women in research and teaching positions and therefore explicitly encourage
female candidates to apply. Preference will be given to disabled
applicants with equal qualifications. Please indicate disablement.
Apply by August 31th, 2018 to Dr. Rüdiger Pryss, Ulm University,
89081 Ulm, Germany – ruediger.pryss@uni-ulm.de
Please submit a PDF, including cover letter, CV, and certificates.

Further Information:
http://www.bmw-carit.de/opportunities/StudentJobs/PhD_Car_2_Backend_Communication_Protocol.pdf
or by contacting:
Rüdiger Pryss – ruediger.pryss@uni-ulm.de

Looking forward receiving your application,
Rüdiger Pryss
Institute of Databases and Information Systems, Ulm University
http://www.dbis.info 