                            C A L L   F O R   P A P E R S

               9th Biennial Conference on Innovative Data Systems Research
                                    CIDR 2019

                               January 13-16, 2019
                               Asilomar, California


                           http://cidrdb.org/cidr2019


SCOPE

The biennial Conference on Innovative Data Systems Research (CIDR) is a systems-oriented conference, complementary in its mission to the mainstream database conferences like SIGMOD and VLDB, emphasizing the systems architecture perspective. CIDR gathers researchers and practitioners from both academia and industry to discuss the latest innovative and visionary ideas in the field.

We invite contributions on novel approaches to data management systems, architecture, and usage. CIDR encourages contributions about innovative and risky data management system architecture ideas, systems-building experience and insight, resourceful experimental studies, and provocative position statements. CIDR especially values innovation, experience-based insight, and vision.

This year, CIDR invites three kinds of contributions: (a) papers (at most 6 pages). To encourage authors to submit only their best work, each person can be an author or co-author of only a single paper or demo. (b) demos (a video or a description of the demo in at most 6 pages). Authors who feel their work is best captured through a demo should submit a demo proposal. Demos and papers will be interweaved in a single-tracked program. (c) abstracts (at most 1 page). If you have an idea that is too half-baked for a paper or demo proposal, you may submit an abstract. Any author of a paper or demo may additionally submit one abstract. Abstracts are expected to have a single author. Abstracts will be allotted a shorter amount of presentation time than papers and demos, and historically these have been presented in an evening “gong show”.

TOPICS OF INTEREST

Topics of interest include but are not limited to: database systems, storage management, transaction processing, cloud computing, massive data analysis, software service infrastructure, scalability and dependability, embedded and sensor databases, user interfaces, information integration and data cleaning architectures, information retrieval, declarative systems, data management in networks, benchmarking and experimental methodology, and databases for ML and ML for databases. We also welcome submissions on thought-provoking applications and emerging uses of data management technology.

IMPORTANT DATES

August 20, 2018: Submission deadline for all contributions

October 22, 2018: author notification for all contributions

December 10, 2018: camera-ready deadline for all contributions

January 13-16, 2019: conference 


SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Submissions must be formatted using the ACM SIG style. (see ACM Template), and must not exceed SIX pages (for papers and demos) and ONE page (for abstracts) in length. Videos can be submitted in HTML or MPEG format. Submissions will be reviewed by the program committee which will make acceptance and rejection decisions. Final versions of accepted submissions will be published in the electronic proceedings of the CIDR conference. The final versions of accepted papers and demos have no page limit and can be significantly expanded from the submitted form. At least one author of an accepted paper or demo will be expected to attend the conference in order to present the paper. For accepted papers and demos with several co-authors, the program committee reserves the right to select the co-author who should present the paper at the conference as a condition of acceptance. 

Submission website: https://cmt.research.microsoft.com/CIDR2019


ORGANIZATION

General Chair

   Anastasia Ailamaki, EPFL

Program Committee Chairs:

   Magdalena Balazinska (lead chair), University of Washington
   Jignesh Patel, University of Wisconsin-Madison
   Michael Stonebraker, MIT

Gong Show Organizer

   Andy Pavlo, CMU

Website Chair

   Ziawasch Abedjan, TU Berlin

Program Committee

   Daniel Abadi, University of Maryland
   Ziawasch Abedjan, TU Berlin
   Sihem Amer-Yahia, CNRS
   Joy Arulraj, CMU
   Michael Cafarella, University of Michigan
   Brian Cooper, Google
   Sudipto Das, Microsoft Research 
   AnHai Doan, University of Wisconsin
   Johannes Gehrke, Microsoft
   Joseph M. Hellerstein, UC Berkeley
   Chris Jermaine, Rice University
   Tim Kraska, MIT
   David Lomet, Microsoft Research
   Samuel Madden, MIT
   Volker Markl, TU Berlin
   Sergey Melnik, Google
   Barzan Mozafari, University of Michigan
   Thomas Neumann, TU Munich
   Fatma Ozcan, IBM Research
   Ippokratis Pandis, Amazon
   Olga Papaemmanouil, Brandeis University
   Christopher Re, Stanford University
   Jennie Rogers, Northwestern University
   Eric Sedlar, Oracle
   Alkis Simitsis, HP
   Julia Stoyanovich, Drexel University
   Nesime Tatbul, Intel Labs and MIT
   Daisy Zhe Wang, University of Florida
   Gerhard Weikum, Max-Planck-Institut fur Informatik