At Faculty 3 - Mathematics/Computer Science the following open
position is available. The vacancy will be filled - conditional 
to the release of budgetary funds - as soon as possible:

One postdoc position
Computer Science - Salary Scale TV-L 13 (100%)

in the ERC-funded project “Custom-Made Ontology-Based Data Access”,
please see

  http://www.informatik.uni-bremen.de/~clu/coda/

The position is available from October 1st, 2018 until July 31, 2020.

The project addresses ontology-based data access (OBDA) with
description logics and other decidable fragments of first-order logic
such as the guarded fragment. It brings together research in
logic-based knowledge representation, database theory, and constraint
satisfaction problems. We are interested both in candidates with a pure
theory background and in candidates that are interested in system building.

The appointed candidate will carry out research in the described
project. There are no teaching duties associated with the positions.

The positions require a PhD in computer science, logic, or mathematics
or a comparable qualification. Good knowledge of at least one of the
involved areas is mandatory. The successful candidate will work in the
group “Theory of Artificial Intelligence” led by Carsten Lutz.

The University of Bremen aims to increase the proportion of female
employees in science. Therefore women are particularly encouraged to
apply.  Priority will be given to disabled persons in case of equal
professional and personal qualification.  Applicants with a migration
background are welcome.

Please send your application by August 19, 2018, quoting the vacancy
IDA188/18, to

Prof. Dr. Carsten Lutz
Fachbereich 3 
Universität Bremen
Postfach 33 04 40 
28334 Bremen
Germany

or (preferred) in electronic form to

hederich@informatik.uni-bremen.de

Applications will be considered until the position is filled. We
kindly ask you to send us only copies of your application documents
(no folders) because they will not be returned for economic reasons.

For further information, please contact Carsten Lutz, +49 (0)421
218-64431, clu@cs.uni-bremen.de.