Tenure-Track Assistant Professor in Computer Science – Three (3) Positions
Job Posting Number: 
002073TT-2019-CS
Deadline Date: 
Friday, August 10, 2018 - 23:45
The University of Windsor's School of Computer Science, in the Faculty of Science, invites applications for three (3) tenure-track faculty positions at the rank of Assistant Professor, commencing January 1, 2019 or July 1, 2019.  Preference will be given to candidates conducting leading edge research in the areas of software engineering, networks and security, deep learning and data analytics although strongly qualified applicants from other areas in Computer Science are encouraged to apply.  These positions are subject to final budgetary approval.

The School of Computer Science at the University of Windsor consists of 20 faculty members, 8 support staff, over 600 undergraduate students, and approximately 200 graduate students.  Areas of funded research include Artificial Intelligence, Bioinformatics, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Distributed and High-Performance Computing, Graphics, Image Processing, Information Retrieval, Networks, Software Engineering, NLP, and Theoretical Computer Science.  For further information about the School of Computer Science, visit our website at www.uwindsor.ca/cs.

The School is seeking to complement its existing strengths and encourages applicants with demonstrated potential to build an internationally recognized, externally funded, and exceptional research program. The successful candidates are expected to demonstrate a commitment to excellence in research and teaching, as well as interest in collaborating in all aspects of the academic unit.  Applicants must show potential to become an innovative independent researcher and a leader in his or her field, capable of successful supervision of graduate students and teaching of graduate level courses.  Successful candidates are expected to excel at teaching at all levels and regularly participate in curriculum development, as well as teaching a wide range of topics and levels as assigned.  Undergraduate student supervision and advising are expected.  The candidates will be expected to collaborate with other faculty members from within and outside the School of Computer Science, obtain external funding, and actively participate in the School’s activities.  Professional and departmental/institutional services are also expected.

A PhD in Computer Science (or closely related field) is required by the date of appointment.  The applicant must demonstrate a record of, or show potential for, excellence in research and teaching.  A demonstrated research record should be supported by evidence such as recent high impact refereed publications, external grants, and any record of successful student supervision and research collaborations.  A demonstrated teaching record supported by a recent teaching dossier, student evaluations, and record of course development and teaching are required.  A potential for excellent teaching of a wide variety of computer science courses at all levels of the undergraduate and graduate programs is expected.  The applicant should demonstrate his/her interest in collaborating in all aspects of an academic department, showing evidence where applicable of recent service record in the professional and departmental/institutional unit.  Strong English communication and interpersonal skills are essential.

Industry related experience and/or experience with successful industry funded projects are recommended.  An established research record supported by individual or team grants; involvement in course and curriculum development; demonstrated record of high quality teaching with the ability to teach a wide range of courses; excellent teaching scores in North American institutions; demonstrated record of service to university, departmental communities, and also to professional organizations; and involvement in professional and community service are preferred

Application Requirements

a letter of application, including a statement of citizenship/immigration status;
a detailed and current curriculum vitae;
a statement of research activities and impact, and of research plans and vision;
three (3) samples of scholarly writing, including (if applicable) clear indications of your contribution to any jointly authored pieces;

a teaching dossier or teaching portfolio showing a potential for or evidence of teaching effectiveness and excellence that will include sample course syllabi/outlines, teaching evaluations, and a statement of teaching philosophy and interests (resources and templates for completing a teaching dossier can be found at http://www.uwindsor.ca/ctl/links-pd);
graduate transcripts; and
three (3) current letters of reference forwarded directly by the referees to the Director at the address or email listed below.
Only those applicants selected for interview will be contacted.  The short-listed candidates may be invited to provide further information in support of their applications.  To ensure full consideration, complete an online application (http://www.uwindsor.ca/facultypositions) found on the job advertisement, and ensure letters of reference are submitted by the deadline date of August 10, 2018.  Applications may be considered after the deadline date; however, acceptance of late submissions is at the discretion of the appointments committee. 