(Apologies for cross-posts)

 

CALL FOR SELECTED CASES

Proposal Submission: 15th August 2018

Full Chapter Submission: 15th October 2018

 

SMART CITY EMERGENCE: CASES FROM AROUND THE WORLD

 

a Book Edited by

Dr. Leonidas G. Anthopoulos

TEI of Thessaly, Greece

 

to be published by ElSevier, Transportation and Smart Cities Book Series

 

Introduction
Smart city evolves as a dominant market that attracts significant scientific and industrial attention, while almost all cities want or self-claim to be smart. Nevertheless, an increasing argument questions the smart city potential, claiming that it is mostly the outcome of big-vendors’ technological “push” and marketing efforts, which is the primary question that this book aims to answer: is smart city a utopia or has it become a reality under a methodological process? In this respect, this book uses the case study research methodology to answer this question: it demonstrates several smart city cases around the world, with the homogenous approach that follows the owner’s (city’s) point of view and the project manager’s perspective (PMBOK knowledge areas) to analyze how a smart city is being conceptualized and implemented, while the corresponding technological artefacts and the theoretical context are being explained.

Moreover, this book aims to demonstrate how smart cities are being evolved -in terms of both technology and business- around the world from the owner’s (city’s) point view and the project manager’s perspective.

This call seeks for successful smart city cases around the world. Only some selected cases will be included, mainly coming from (but not limited to) U.S.A., Australia and Asia.

 

Objectives
This volume aims to gather knowledge on the cutting-edge smart city approaches that aim to systematically support the reader to:

 

understand the challenges that a city faces and adopts the smart city context;
separate the reality from utopia with regard to what smart city is;
access timely information from scholars, vendors and governments about the smart city progress in several cases;
compare how the smart city evolves in different countries and continents, and cities of different size, community and economy;
connect pieces from theory with tangible achievements in practice;
Understand how a smart city is being developed and how smart services are being deployed.
 

Intended Audience and Potential Uses
 

This book is useful to many groups of readers:

local governments, public managers and politicians can understand how easy or hard is to develop a smart city, what they must respect or avoid according to the presented experiences or they can compare their case with others;
undergraduate, MA and PhD students in urban studies, IT, engineering, public administration and business administration etc. can understand the smart city context from extremely useful examples and theoretical considerations (definitions and reflections that lie behind practice) that are missing from literature and are hard to locate;
researchers can connect the pieces regarding theory and practice and can realize how smart services can be deployed;
managers and individuals can realize how a smart city can be implemented from the owner’s (city’s) point of view and from the project manager’s perspective;
entrepreneurs and practitioners can understand what types of innovation is being developed in smart cities around the world, which of them really works in practice and what are the corresponding barriers and constraints with regard to their development.
 

Recommended Structure
The book intends to include specific smart city stories around the world. Emphasis will be given to cases from U.S.A., Australia and Asia. Contributors should present their cases in 4 sections: Each contributed chapter is analyzed in 4 sections: a) introduction with a brief summary of the case; b) background with an illustration of the theoretical context that lies behind the presented case; c) the case study, analyzed in the PMBOK’s knowledge areas and a discussion of the fringes; and d) conclusions with the learning outcomes of the chapter.

 

Submission Procedure

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit on or before August 15, 2018, a 1-page chapter proposal clearly explaining the mission and concerns of his or her proposed chapter.

Authors of accepted proposals will be notified by August 31, 2018 about the status of their proposals and sent chapter guidelines. Full chapters are expected to be submitted by October 15, 2018. All submitted chapters will be reviewed on a double-blind review basis.

 

Publisher

This book is scheduled to be published by ElSevier, publisher of the Transportation and Smart Cities Book Series1 book series. This publication is anticipated to be released in the end of 2018.

 

Important Dates and Deadlines

August 15, 2018: Proposal Submission Deadline

August 31, 2018: Notification of Proposal Acceptance

October 15, 2018: Full Chapter Submission

November 1, 2018: Notification of Chapter Acceptance along with Reviewer Comments

December 1, 2018: Final Chapter Submission along with signed Copyright Agreement

1 http://scitechconnect.elsevier.com/elseviers-new-smart-cities-book-series-launched/

 

Inquiries and submissions can be forwarded electronically (submissions in Word format) to:

 

Dr. Leonidas G. Anthopoulos

TEI of Thessaly, Greece

lanthopo@teilar.gr

 

Stay Tuned:

WWW: https://goo.gl/tCKhVD