More Info: https://www.jobbnorge.no/ledige-stillinger/stilling/153928/professor-associate-professor-information-systems-and-software-engineering

Professor/ Associate Professor - Information Systems and Software Engineering

The Faculty of Computer Sciences at Østfold University College is building an even stronger team. Each of our four core research groups will be strenghtened by 2–3 permanent positions. A strong connection between research and teaching is vital for us, and our research groups are heavily involved in the continued development of our four bachelor programs and master program. The faculty is engaged in the development of a cross disciplinary PhD program at Østfold University College (working title: “The digital society”). Members of the faculty research groups are expected to contribute to this process.

Our faculty has a history of 40+ years, and a strong connection with regional industry and institutions. Several labs are located on campus, e.g. a Makerspace, a rapid prototyping lab, a robotics lab, a cybernetics lab, a VR lab, a data security lab, a cyber-physical lab and a local cluster for high performance computing.

The faculty has a good academic track record, and very strong student application numbers. In summary, the faculty is in a good position, and are looking to increase staff to continue strengthening our research and teaching activities.

Read more about our faculty, research groups and educational programs here: https://www.hiof.no/it/english

Information Systems and Software Engineering

The Information Systems and Software Engineering (ISSE) research group conducts research and teaching in the broad field of information systems and software engineering disciplines. This research group implements regional, national and European researchprojects in their competence areas. Scientific and research activities of the research group are focused on implementation and use of information systems, software development management, IT management and governance. The main areas of interest include management information systems, next generation information systems, business process management, IT governance, software innovation, emergent approaches in software development, safety and security in software engineering and software, services and systems process improvement.

Read more about the research group here: https://www.hiof.no/it/forskning/grupper/information-systems-and-software-engineering/index.html

Formal requirements

PhD in a relevant field and documented research and publication records within at least one of the following fields:
IT governance (e.g. data goverance, enterprise applications, service management)
Software Engineering (e.g. project management, DevOps, testing, innovation and entrepeneurship)
Information security (e.g. information and software assurance, securitytesting and secure systems administration)
good command of the English language, both orally and in writing
Desired skills and experience

documented work experience from the IT industry
documented experience with competitive research project funding
documented experience with PhD supervision in the field
documented project management experience
documented teaching experience from higher education
documented experience from industry or applied research institution
a good command of Norwegian or another Scandinavian language
General qualification requirements

The person appointed must document his/her skills in Norwegian or another Scandinavian language within two years after appointment. This is to be documented by passing the Bergen test with a score of 450 points.

Appointment to a permanent position requires documented teaching qualifications. If you lack such qualifications, the appointment can be made conditional for up to three years. The university college offers a special teacher training course for higher education with colleague supervision.

Appointment as professor requires an academic level conforming to established international or national standards.

Terms and conditions of employment and pay

the salary for the position is according to individual agreement within the pay range NOK 695 500- 871 300 (professor) and NOK 497 000 - 650 200 (associate professor). A statutory contribution to the Norwegian Public Service Pension Fund is deducted from the salary
Norwegian Public Service Pension Fund offer good loan and pension arrangements
Østfold University College is a state funded institution. It is a policy goal of the Norwegian government that the state workforce shall, as far as possible, reflect the diversity of the Norwegian population. Recruitment should therefore aim at a balanced age and gender distribution and the inclusion of persons with immigrant background . As an Inclusive Workplace enterprise, Østfold University College endeavours to adapt the working environment for persons with physical disabilities.

Contact persons

Dean Harald Holone
Tel.: (+47) 69 60 82 81
Email: harald.holone@hiof.no

Submitting an application and publications

Please submit your application electronically via our recruitment system. All attached documentation must be in a Scandinavian language or in English.

Please describe in the application what motivates you to apply for the position, your specialisation in the subject and your R&D work in the field. In addition, please attach:

your Curriculum Vitae
a complete list of publications with descriptions of the most central or relevant works
references and certificates
Applicants considered for the position will be asked to submit publications and scholarly work for expert assessment.

If you want your application to be treated confidentially, please note the following: Information about applicants may be made public even if applicants have asked to be treated confidentially. In such case, applicants will be informed, cf. the Freedom of Information Act Section 25.