Two postdoc positions in data science/management at TU Delft (Delft Data Science)

Position #1: (Big) Data Management with focus on Scalable ML and Stream Analytics
Position Duration: Two years with possibility of extension. 
Expected start date: ASAP

Job Description: We are seeking a motivated postdoctoral researcher to work on data management with applications to scalable machine learning and/or stream analytics, in the context of the Delft Data Science (DDS) institute. DDS has strong ties to both academia and industry. Postdoctoral researchers at DDS will be expected to publish papers in top venues, to take part in international collaborations with companies and research institutes, seek funding, and lead the development of open-source software.

The ideal candidate is an ambitious researcher with a PhD (or to defend soon) in the broad area of databases/data management, distributed systems, or machine learning, with publications in the top venues of their field. We seek candidates who love putting their research results into practice and are open to investigate new research directions.

How to apply: In order to apply please send your CV to Asterios Katsifodimos (Assistant Professor, A.Katsifodimos@tudelft.nl) and Geert-Jan Houben (Full Professor and head of the Web Information Systems group, g.j.p.m.houben@tudelft.nl) prefixing the email subject with [DDS Postdoc Application - data management]. The applications will be evaluated as soon as they arrive.


Position #2: Responsible Data Science
Position Duration: Three years
Expected start date: ASAP

Job Description: We are seeking a motivated postdoctoral researcher to work on responsible data science, in the context of the Delft Data Science (DDS) institute. As part of Delft’s contribution to the VSNU program Digital Society (www.thedigitalsociety.info), Delft researchers investigate how to use data in reliable and responsible ways. Techniques, methods and tools are needed to safeguard fair, accurate, confidential and transparent (FACT) use of data that is findable, accessible, interoperable and reusable (FAIR), and they should be applied universally in a digital society. In this context, Delft researchers contribute with their research activities to the outreach and experimentation around responsible data science, the development of educational materials around responsible data science, and the collaboration and interaction with researchers from across the Digital Society program. Postdoctoral researchers at DDS will be expected to publish papers in top venues, to take part in national and international collaborations with companies and research institutes, seek funding, and lead the development of open-source software.

The ideal candidate is an ambitious researcher who has recently obtained a PhD (or to defend soon) in the broad area of data science, databases/data management, or machine learning, with publications in the top venues of their field. We seek candidates who love putting their research results into practice and are open to investigate new research directions.

How to apply: In order to apply please send your CV to Geert-Jan Houben (Full Professor and head of the Web Information Systems group, g.j.p.m.houben@tudelft.nl) prefixing the email subject with [DDS Postdoc Application - responsible data science]. The applications will be evaluated as soon as they arrive.